= SpreeAuthDisabler extension

This extension aims to extend the spree auth logic by options for disabling:

* Client singup
* Password recovery
* Client login

Since the extension included in your Gemfile all listed features will be 
disabled by default.

Use Spree::Auth::Disabler::Config (spree_auth_disabler:app/models/spree_auth_disabler_configuration.rb) 
for switch this preferences:

* :client_signup_enabled,      :default => false
* :password_recoverty_enabled, :default => false
* :client_login_enabled,       :default => false

NOTE: it is recomended to enable client login if client signup enabled, lest 
clients will get 'Authorization failed' after signup (but the user and the session 
will be created). See issues below.

== Installing

==== Add into your Gemfile

  gem 'spree_auth_disabler'

or

  gem 'spree_auth_disabler', :git => 'git://github.com/x2es/spree_auth_disabler.git'

NOTE: this extension overrides several views. Loading order does matter. You should place
this gem above an your theme, at least.
If other your extensions overrides an auth-views you should decide right loading order.
You may find useful the gem 'painless_partials' for inspecting the usage roadmap of views.

==== Setup your Spree::Auth::Disabler::Config propertly (see bellow).

== Configuration ways

You can use the Spree::Auth::Disabler::Config in such manner as the Spree::Config or Spreee::Auth::Config

  Spree::Auth::Disabler::Config[:client_login_enabled]              # Returns the foo preference
  Spree::Auth::Disabler::Config[]                                   # Returns a Hash with all the preferences
  Spree::Auth::Disabler::Config.instance                            # Returns the configuration object
  Spree::Auth::Disabler::Config.set(:client_login_enabled => true)  # Set the spree auth preferences as especified in +preference_hash+

Default values initialized in spree_auth_disabler:app/models/spree_auth_disabler_configuration.rb

TODO: two words about overriding preferences class facilities

See the guide http://edgeguides.spreecommerce.com/preferences.html for more details

== Configuration explanation

* unless :client_signup_enabled

  * signup actions will be disabled (new and create), the user will be redirected to root_url, flash[:error] will be supplied
  * link to signup from login form will be hidden

* unless :password_recoverty_enabled
  
  * password recovery actions will be disabled (new and create), redirect and flash[:error] are same as above
  * link to password recovery from login form will be hidden

* unless :client_login_enabled

  * login actions will deny client login (only create), redirect and flash[:error] are same as above
  * link to login form will be hidden

  NOTE: 
    If you have overrided layouts/spree_application.html.erb, you may want to remove the <li> tag
    surrond the <%= render 'shared/login_bar' %> since an <li> alerady exists in this partial

== Extensions collisions

This extension overrides some views. If you already overrided views, which overrided in this extension too, 
you may want to checkout differences and apply some changes to your views.

= TODO

* Specs!

== Issues

* 'Autorization failed' ISSUE, when client login disabled, but client signup enabled (after signup)

= Help me

* to fix English grammar in this text (now I am tring to setup articles, but I am not feel yet this aspect to do this job propertly)

 
